I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
Daddy Puts up a Picture!
Mummy Pig and Daddy Pig
have a new picture of
Peppa and George.
We should put this Iovely,
new picture on the Wall.
Leave it to me.
I am the Dly expert of the house.
Are you sure you can do it?
Of course! I'll just put
a nail in the Wall
and hang the picture on it.
Very good. I'm just off
to visit Granny and Grandpa Pig.
I'll see you later.
And please, don't make a mess.
Mess?
Goodbye. Goodbye.
Daddy, can We help
put up the picture?
You can Watch
and then you'll learn
how to do it properly.
First, I need a tape measure.
And a pencil.
That is Where I'm
going to put the nail.
Don't break the Wall, Daddy.
Now I need a hammer and a nail.
Stand back, children,
and Watch a craftsman at Work.
Daddy Pig is going to knock
the nail into the Wall.
Don't break the Wall, Daddy.
Don't be silly, Peppa.
Easy as pie.
Oh, it's not meant to do that.
Daddy Pig has made
a big crack in the Wall.
Oh, Daddy! You've
broken the Wall.
It's just a tiny crack. The
picture Will hide it.
There!
I can still see the crack, Daddy.
Yes, I'll just take the nail out
and fill in the crack.
Don't make a mess, Daddy.
Don't be silly, Peppa.
It's coming out.
WOOAh!
Oh, Daddy!
Now you really have
broken the Wall.
Do you think Mummy
Will notice?
Er... Yes, I think she might.
Quick, George!
What are they doing?
Daddy, We can see you.
Hmmmm.
Daddy Pig has to mend the Wall
before Mummy Pig comes home.
Brick, please.
First, Daddy Pig fills
the hole With bricks.
There.
Next, Daddy Pig puts
plaster over the bricks.
Easy as pie!
Then Daddy Pig paints the Wall.
Good as new!
The Wall is mended.
Hurray!
But look at all the mess
they have made.
Goodness me!
We had better clean up
before Mummy comes back.
First, Daddy Pig quickly
Washes Peppa and George.
Then peppa vacuums the floor.
And Daddy Pig tidies up the tools.
Mummy!
Mummy Pig is home.
Mummy's here!
Quick! Pretend nothing has happened.
Hello.
What have you been doing?
Oh, nothing.
Yes. I can see you've
been doing nothing.
I thought you Were going
to put the picture up.
ln all the excitement, Daddy Pig
has forgotten to put the picture up.
Oh!
Well, I'm no expert, but
I'm sure it's quite easy.
There!
Hmmm... yes, that did look quite easy.
But When you did it, Daddy,
it looked really hard.
Shhhhh! Peppa, don't tell anyone!